# Problem Statement -

In the mystical realm of Graphoria, the kingdom is a network of ancient towns and bridges. Each town, uniquely numbered from 1 to N, 
is endowed with its own reservoir of resources, represented by its weight. Meanwhile, the bridges-numbered from 1 to M-span the distances between these towns, 
each with a strength requirement indicated by its weight. 

The wise elders of Graphoria decree that for every bridge that remains standing, the combined resources of all the towns in the connected region (the connected component) 
must be at least as great as the strength requirement of that bridge. In other words, the towns must collectively be powerful enough to support the bridge.
Your quest is to help the kingdom by removing the fewest number of bridges necessary so that every remaining bridge is adequately supported by the resources of its connected towns. 
Can you determine the minimum number of bridges that must be dismantled to ensure that the entire network of towns and bridges remains strong and secure under this decree?

# Input Format - 

The first line of input contains two space-separated integers N denotes the number of vertices and M denotes the number of edges.
The second line of input contains N space separated integers X1,X2,..., XN representing the weights of the vertices.
Each of the next M lines contains three space separated integers Ai, Bi, Yi representing an edge between vertices Ai and Bi with weight Yi.

# Output Format

Print a single integer representing the minimum number of edges that need to be removed to satisfy the condition.

# Constraints -
```
a) 1≤ N ≤ 10^3
b) N-1≤ M ≤ (N*(N-1))/2
c) 1 ≤ Xi ≤ 10^9
d) 1 ≤ Ai < Bi ≤ N
e) 1 ≤ Yi ≤ 10^9
```
# Sample Testcase 1
# Testcase Input
```
6 10
4 4 11 17
3 5 19
2 5 20
4 5 8
1 6 16
2 3 9
3 6 16
3 4 1
2 6 20
2 4 19
1 2 9
```
# Testcase Output
```
4
```
